Readme improvements (#258)
plone/meta: README.md

> # plone.meta

Reviewer: We'll need to rename it in Documentation, too, at https://6.docs.plone.org/developer-guide/standardize-python-project-configuration.html.

Author: Thanks, see https://github.com/plone/documentation/pull/1865

`plone.meta` defines and standardizes a common set of configuration files across Plone related Python repositories.
It does not cover the following.

- Volto or any other JavaScript-based project, which has its own ecosystem.
- Monorepo projects with backend and frontend code bases, such as those created by [Cookieplone](https://github.com/plone/cookieplone).
  Repositories must have a single Python package at the top level.

> - Projects that support multiple versions of Plone in the same branch.

Reviewer: Assuming you use VSCode, it is configured to reformat Markdown files, which just adds noise to the diff. I'll push a file that prevents reformatting and preserves consistency and clarity of indentation.

Author: Yes, I'm using VS Code with this extension: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavidAnson.vscode-markdownlint

Reviewer: This is still really hard to review, due to all the reformatting. I don't know how to do a review against specific commits on GitHub.

## Setup

> Install `plone.meta` like any other python distribution,

Reviewer: I assume we want to remove the now redundant cloning method, before this was an actual Python package. Giving choices causes brain lock for new users, and experienced users don't need the extra option.

```suggestion
Create a Python virtual environment and install `plone.meta` via pip.
```

Author: Done, thanks!

> either from PyPI or a git clone.

Reviewer: Semantic line breaks as a style guide are confusing for contributors to follow, and a pain for maintainers to enforce. We use one sentence per line, as mentioned in the [documentation style guide](https://6.docs.plone.org/contributing/documentation/authors.html#plone-documentation-styleguide).

Author: I keep forgetting about this on Plone documentation, because at work we do use semantic line breaks, which I find much more readable, but oh well, if that's what Plone agreed on, I can not go against it unless I convince to change the agreement 🙃

Reviewer: See follow up response against semantic line breaks at https://github.com/plone/documentation/pull/1864#issuecomment-2661652737.

Plone is not a monocultural work environment where you can get everyone on board and train them.

> either from PyPI or a git clone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```shell
# from PyPI
python3 -m venv venv
venv/bin/pip install plone.meta

> # local clone

Reviewer: Actually, now that it is a package, we don't need the clone method.

Author: I kept it as it was there before, and if someone wants to hack on it... but if they want to do that, most probably they will know, I remove it 👍🏾

git clone https://github.com/plone/meta.git
cd meta
python3 -m venv venv
venv/bin/pip install -e .
```

## `config-package` usage

The command `config-package` from `plone.meta` creates or overwrites configuration files for your project.
See a current list of [configuration files](#config-package-configuration-files) that it will create or overwrite.

This command has several [command line options](#config-package-command-line-options) that you can use to override the default options.

When you run this command, it automatically goes through the following steps.

1. It creates a new git branch from the current branch in your project.
1. If the file {file}`.meta.toml` is not present in the project, then it creates this and the other new configuration files from `plone.meta`'s Jinja2 templates.
   Otherwise, it reads the file {file}`.meta.toml` for regenerating the configuration files.
1. It writes the configuration files.
1. It creates a change log entry.
1. By default, it commits changes.

> 1. It optionally adds packages, pushes commits, or runs tox from the configuration files.

Reviewer: More noisy diff.

venv/bin/config-package [OPTIONS] PATH/TO/PACKAGE
```

### Manage configuration files

> To customize how the managed files are created,
> set their options on `.meta.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each of the configuration files, you should edit its [corresponding stanza](#config-package-configuration-files) in the file `.meta.toml` to customize them.
```

venv/bin/config-package [OPTIONS] PATH/TO/PACKAGE
```

### Manage configuration files

To customize how the managed files are created,

> set their options on `.meta.toml` file.

Reviewer: They are not always created, but overwritten. This is not correct. Please revert and append the phrase to the end of the original sentence ` to customize them`.

This is also an example of why we should use one sentence per line in narrative documentation. During a review, when I want to make a suggestion, I have to make multiple suggestions, one per line. I'm lazy. Instead I put a single comment, which means you won't have the buttons to `Commit suggestion` or `Add suggestion to batch`. [Note to self: I should add that to the Documentation style guide.]

Author: I _refactored_ this sentence because the `[corresponding stanza](#xxx)` was linking to a non-existing header.

> They are not always created, but overwritten. This is not correct.

Well, yes, they are created and _managed_ by `plone.meta`. To change how they are rendered you need to add entries on `.meta.toml`.

Read further to see which options can be tweaked,

> or look at the files themselves that already provide hints on how to do it.

Reviewer: This sentence should be removed. It's redundant to the content under the heading of 

### `config-package` configuration files

and diverts focus from this heading's topic and the subsequent warning.

Author: 🤷🏾

venv/bin/config-package [OPTIONS] PATH/TO/PACKAGE
```

### `config-package` command line options

`config-package` supports the following command line options.

- `--branch BRANCH_NAME`: Define a specific git branch name to create for the changes.
  By default, the script creates one, which includes the name of the configuration type.
  > [!TIP]
  > Use `current` to update the current branch.
- `--commit-msg MSG`: Use `MSG` as the commit message instead of the default one.
- `--no-commit`: Don't automatically commit changes after the configuration run.
- `-h, --help`: Display help.
- `--push`: Push changes at the end of the configuration run.
  By default, the changes are _not_ pushed.
- `--tox`: Whether to run `tox` on the repository.
  By default, it does not run.
- `--track`: Whether the package being configured should be added to `defaults/packages.txt`.
  By default, they are _not_ added.
- `-t, --type`: define the configuration type.
  At this time, `default` is the only option.

>   This option is only needed one time as their values are stored in `.meta.toml`.

Reviewer: More diff noise

### `config-package` configuration files

`plone.meta` generates configuration files in your local repository.
Currently, the files that `plone.meta` manages are the following.

- `.meta.toml`: `plone.meta`'s configuration file
- `.editorconfig`: configuration meant to be read by code editors
- `.flake8`: [`flake8`](https://pypi.org/project/flake8) configuration
- `.gitignore`: list of file/folders patterns that `git` should ignore
- `.github/workflows/meta.yml`: GitHub workflows to run the testing and code quality and analysis tools on GitHub, provided the repository is hosted at github.com
- `.gitlab-ci.yml`: GitLab CI configuration, provided the repository is hosted at gitlab.com
- `.pre-commit-config.yaml`: [`pre-commit`](https://pypi.org/project/pre-commit) configuration
- `pyproject.toml`: configuration options for a wide variety of Python tooling

> - `tox.ini`: [`tox`](https://pypi.org/project/tox) configuration, _the most important file_

Reviewer: More diff noise

"""
```

> #### `towncrier` configuration

Reviewer: Revert, as this is a subtopic and edited within `pyproject.toml`.

Author: I did it on purpose, but, oh well, you are right, all headers are the filenames, rather than what they are configuring 🤷🏾
